O3 -	pollutants emitted by cars,
	power plants,
	industrial boilers,
	refineries,
	chemical plants,
	and other sources react chemically in the presence of sunlight.

PM -	construction sites,
	unpaved roads,
	fields,
	smokestacks,
	fires.
	The primary source includes automobile emissions, dust and cooking smoke. 
	The secondary source of pollution can be due to complex reactions of chemicals like 
	sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. These particles are mixed in air and pollute it. 
	Apart from these, forest fires, wood burning stoves, agricultural burning, smoke of the industry, 
	dust occur from various construction sites also causes air pollution etc.

SO2 -	fossil fuels,
	other materials that contain sulfur - power plants, metals processing and smelting facilities, and vehicles.
	About 99% of the sulfur dioxide in air comes from human sources. 
	The main source of sulfur dioxide in the air is industrial activity that processes materials that contain sulfur, 
	eg the generation of electricity from coal, oil or gas that contains sulfur. Some mineral ores also contain sulfur,
	and sulfur dioxide is released when they are processed. In addition, industrial activities that burn fossil fuels 
	containing sulfur can be important sources of sulfur dioxide.

CO -	The main sources of additional carbon monoxide are motor vehicle exhaust and some industrial activities, 
	such as making steel.
	Tobacco smoke is one of the main indoor sources of carbon monoxide.
	***The natural concentration of carbon monoxide in air is around 0.2 parts per million (ppm), 
	and that amount is not harmful to humans. Natural sources of carbon monoxide include volcanoes and bushfires.
	
NO2 - 	NO2 primarily gets in the air from the burning of fuel. NO2 forms from emissions from cars, trucks and buses, 
	power plants, and off-road equipment.


Sources of SO2 emissions in Singapore include industries such as refineries and power stations, as well as motor vehicles.

The high per-capita SO2emissions in Singapore are due to oil-powered industrial plants 
(Arndt et al., 1997; Ministry of theEnvironment and Water Resources, 2008a). Orlic et al. (1999),
based on a source apportionment study, also identified oil refi-neries as an additional source of SO2

The main sources of air pollution in Singapore are from the burning of fossil fuel for heat generation in industries, electricity generation and transportation.

The sources of air pollution can be grouped into three categories as follows:

    stationary sources such as power stations, oil refineries and industries; 
    mobile sources such as motor vehicles; and 
    others such as open burning of waste materials and transboundary air pollution.
